docs(eslint): update documentation for eslint flat config (#2196)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: migration-guides/ESLINT_FLAT_CONFIG.md

# Migration to ESLint Flat Configuration

[ESLint RC format](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/configure/configuration-files-deprecated) is deprecated in favor of [ESLint FlatConfig](https://eslint.org/blog/2022/08/new-config-system-part-2/).
To migrate, you can follow their [migration guide](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/configure/migration-guide).

> On Otter side, an ESLint Flat Configuration is exposed by the [`@o3r/eslint-config`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/eslint-config) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Otter side, an ESLint flat configuration is exposed by the [`@o3r/eslint-config`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/eslint-config) package.
```

Author: In their doc they use the term `Flat Config` with capital F and C

> On the Otter side, an ESLint flat xonfiguration is exposed by the [`@o3r/eslint-config`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/eslint-config) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Otter side, an ESLint flat configuration is exposed by the [`@o3r/eslint-config`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/eslint-config) package.
```

## Rules changes

> [!NOTE]
> All the rules set to `warn` has been upgraded to `error`.

> Below you can fing, the list of differences by plugin between configurations exposed by `@o3r/eslint-config-otter` and `@o3r/eslint-config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, you can find the list of differences between the configurations exposed by `@o3r/eslint-config-otter` and by `@o3r/eslint-config` for each plugin.
```

### Angular ESLint rules

#### Added

> We added the [recommended rules](https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint/blob/main/packages/angular-eslint/src/configs/README.md#angular-eslinttemplate-accessibility) for accessibility in the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We added the [template accessibility recommended rules](https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint/blob/main/packages/angular-eslint/src/configs/README.md#angular-eslinttemplate-accessibility).
```

Reviewer: @sdo-1A : What do you think for this one, I am not convince by my suggestion ?

Reviewer 2: I would make a slight change: `recommended rules for template accessibility`
what do you think?

#### Removed

- [`@angular-eslint/no-host-metadata-property`](https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint/blob/main/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-host-metadata-property.md) is deprecated and was already set to `off`.

### TypeScript ESLint rules

#### Replaced

- [`@typescript-eslint/no-var-requires`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-var-requires/) is deprecated in favor of the [`@typescript-eslint/no-require-imports`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-require-imports/).

> - `no-throw-literal` has been renamed into [`@typescript-eslint/only-throw-error`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/only-throw-error/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `no-throw-literal` has been renamed to [`@typescript-eslint/only-throw-error`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/only-throw-error/).
```

#### Removed

- [`@typescript-eslint/ban-types`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/ban-types/) is deprecated.

#### Added

> - [`@typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-empty-object-type/) partially replace [`@typescript-eslint/ban-types`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/ban-types/), set to `off`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`@typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-empty-object-type/) partially replaces [`@typescript-eslint/ban-types`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/ban-types/), set to `off`.
```

> - [`@typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-empty-object-type/) partially replaces [`@typescript-eslint/ban-types`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/ban-types/), set to `off`.

Reviewer: Is it now set to off or was it its previous value?

- [`@typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/prefer-promise-reject-errors/) set to `error`.

#### Modified

> - [`@typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-unused-vars/) configuration has changed. `caughtErrors` is set to `none` and `ignoreRestSiblings` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`@typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-unused-vars/) configuration has changed: `caughtErrors` is set to `none` and `ignoreRestSiblings` to `true`.
```

### Basic ESlint rules

> A lot of rules has been deprecated in favor of the [TypeScript](https://typescript-eslint.io/) and [Stylistic](https://eslint.style/) rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A lot of rules have been deprecated in favor of the [TypeScript](https://typescript-eslint.io/) and [Stylistic](https://eslint.style/) rules.
```

- [`quotes`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/quotes) is deprecated in favor of [`@stylistic/quotes`](https://eslint.style/rules/default/quotes).
- [`semi`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/semi) is deprecated in favor of [`@stylistic/semi`](https://eslint.style/rules/default/semi).
- [`semi-spacing`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/semi-spacing) is deprecated in favor of [`@stylistic/semi-spacing`](https://eslint.style/rules/default/semi-spacing).
- [`space-in-parens`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/space-in-parens) is deprecated in favor of [`@stylistic/space-in-parens`](https://eslint.style/rules/default/space-in-parens).
- [`space-unary-ops`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/space-unary-ops) is deprecated in favor of [`@stylistic/space-unary-ops`](https://eslint.style/rules/default/space-unary-ops).
- [`spaced-comment`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/spaced-comment) is deprecated in favor of [`@stylistic/spaced-comment`](https://eslint.style/rules/default/spaced-comment).
- [`wrap-iife`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/wrap-iife) is deprecated in favor of [`@stylistic/wrap-iife`](https://eslint.style/rules/default/wrap-iife).

#### Modified

> - [`no-console`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-console) was allowing some `console` methods, now set to `error` without accepting any `console` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`no-console`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-console) was allowing some `console` methods, is now set to `error` and does not accept any `console` methods.
```

> - [`no-console`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-console) was allowing some `console` methods, now set to `error` without accepting any `console` methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`no-console`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-console) previously allowed some `console` methods, it is now set to `error` without accepting any `console` methods.
```

> - [`no-console`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-console) previously allowed some `console` methods, it is now set to `error` and does not accept any `console` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`no-console`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-console) previously allowed some `console` methods. It is now set to `error` and does not accept any `console` methods.
```

### Stylistic ESLint rules

> Before the rules from [`@stylistic/eslint-plugin-ts`](https://eslint.style/packages/ts) where used, now we use the ones from [`@stylistic/eslint-plugin`](https://eslint.style/packages/default#stylistic-eslint-plugin) as recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the rules of [`@stylistic/eslint-plugin-ts`](https://eslint.style/packages/ts) were used, now we use those of [`@stylistic/eslint-plugin`](https://eslint.style/packages/default#stylistic-eslint-plugin) as recommended.
```

> Previously, the rules of [`@stylistic/eslint-plugin-ts`](https://eslint.style/packages/ts) were used, now we use those of [`@stylistic/eslint-plugin`](https://eslint.style/packages/default#stylistic-eslint-plugin) as recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the rules of [`@stylistic/eslint-plugin-ts`](https://eslint.style/packages/ts) were used. We now use those of [`@stylistic/eslint-plugin`](https://eslint.style/packages/default#stylistic-eslint-plugin) as recommended.
```

### Unicorn ESLint rules

> Before, we were using only 3 rules from unicorn. Now, we use their [recommended configuration](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn?tab=readme-ov-file#rules) with some customizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before, we used three rules from unicorn. We now use their [recommended configuration](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn?tab=readme-ov-file#rules) with some customization.
```
